🐛(back) no validator for field starting_at in the model Video (#1223)
openfun/marsha: CHANGELOG.md

- Users with empty email in their token can register to scheduled webinars
- Users with wrong email in token is properly detected as registered

> - Stop checking starting_at is set to the future in the model Video

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove validate_date_is_future validator on Video model
```

Should we move it to the `Removed` section ?
